[gasps]
[ann] That was Hyuga's
Tiger Shot.
The shot's power
was so overwhelming,
that the impact
with the goal post
completely destroyed
the ball.
That was a close one.
Darn it.
I got distracted
by Tsubasa's remarks,
and I didn't kick
at the right angle.
That's his Tiger Shot...
It has incredible power.
[Takeshi]
Excellent, Captain.
If we can pass the ball
to you every time,
victory will be ours
for sure.
[grunt]
-[narr] Episode 47:
-[ann] The match starts
-Confrontation of Destiny
-with an explosive play.
-Once More.
-Nankatsu's goalkeeper,
Morisaki,
gets a new ball
- for the kick off.
-[grunt]
The shot's sheer power
made the ball burst.
Is that really
his Tiger Shot?
I had no idea that Hyuga
had such a fearsome weapon.
[Ryo]
All right, enough.
-Calm down.
-Huh?
Remember that we have...
[groan]
...our defense.
That's why we're here
on the pitch.
We're going to prevent him
from scoring.
We shouldn't be fazed
by their fancy new moves
and techniques.
-Mhm.
-He's right!
It must have
some sort of weakness.
We have to figure out
how to counter
that Tiger Shot.
Nankatsu, we have to
act fast.
We can't let Tsubasa
do all the work.
-Understood!
Everyone...
[Takeshi]
It's useless, Nankatsu.
Even if all of you cover
Captain Hyuga,
I'll pass him the ball
as soon as he's free.
Here!
Get ready, Tsubasa!
[grunt]
-[ann] Tsubasa feels
-[grunting]
challenged by
Hyuga's Tiger Shot.
He's set on showing
who the king of the pitch
really is.
[Kojiro]
Tsubasa...
[yell]
[pant]
[grunt]
[ann] Tsubasa passes
the ball to Izawa,
- who then passes
-[grunt]
- the ball to the specialist,
Taki, who runs
up the wing rapidly.
- And Taki passes the ball
-[grunt]
- to Kisugi, who will
spearhead the attack.
[Hajime]
In this match...
[Mamoru]
We have to support Tsubasa
more than ever before.
[Teppei]
We can't let him down.
-Get ready.
-Here we come, Toho!
[Kojiro]
Darn it all.
Now on top of Tsubasa,
I'm going to have to
take care of those three.
Captain, hold on,
-don't come down here.
-[panting]
Don't worry,
we can take care
of those three, Captain.
Everyone...
-[panting]
-[ann] Toho's defense
closes in,
- pressuring Nankatsu's
-[grunt]
- first offensive attempt.
I won't let you shoot.
[grunt]
Izawa!
[ann] The ball is back
at Izawa's feet.
[grunt]
-He's going to shoot.
-We can handle it.
Let him shoot the ball.
-What?
There's no one
who can score on me
from that distance.
You're so wrong.
-Wakashimazu!
[grunt]
Don't underestimate me!
Shoot it!
[Ryo]
Izawa!
Let me shoot the ball.
[pant]
[Mamoru]
Ishizaki...
Get a load of this.
[yell]
[ann] The defender
Ishizaki
takes the shot
instead of Izawa.
You should never
underestimate me.
[growl]
[ann] The kick takes
the goalie by surprise.
[grunt]
[ann]
But he stops it unfazed.
An excellent dive by
the goalkeeper Wakashimazu.
Nankatsu wasn't
able to score.
Good one, Wakashimazu.
-But how?
-It's okay, you did well.
[grunt]
I'm starting to
realize it.
I can't get cocky
for a single moment.
[Kojiro]
Wakashimazu...
Knowing that
you're defending our goal,
I'll be able to play
at peace.
This time, I'll score
with my Tiger Shot.
[Tsubasa] That shot could've
easily been a goal.
But Wakashimazu is
an extraordinary goalkeeper.
I have to score with
my Drive Shot...
while my leg is still good.
[Sanae]
In the end,
Tsubasa and Hyuga
are eternal rivals.
They complement
each other mutually.
When Tsubasa plays
against him,
his look changes completely.
His determination heightens.
[grunt]
[ann] Toho clears the ball
and presses slowly,
while their captain Hyuga
patiently waits for the pass
to shoot his Tiger Shot.
Everyone, cover Hyuga!
-Yeah!
-[ann] Takeshi Sawada,
-[grunt]
Toho's midfielder,
has the ball now.
[Takeshi] I have to pass
the ball to Captain Hyuga.
[gasp]
[ann] But Nankatsu's captain
appears to mark him.
Tsubasa...
[Tsubasa]
The only way to stop Hyuga
is to prevent them
from passing him the ball.
-[grunting]
-[Jun] The way I see it,
it'll be a duel
between the midfielders.
Same as the duel
I had with him.
[Takeshi] The midfielder
is the person
who creates all of
the plays for his team.
But with Tsubasa in my way,
I can't move freely.
What's wrong, Takeshi?
-Uhh...
-Pass me the ball!
-Quickly, Takeshi.
-[gasp]
Hideto is open...
[grunt]
[Takeshi]
I can't be a midfielder
if the only thing I can do
is pass the ball.
Why're you waiting?!
This time...
I'm taking you head on.
[ann] Sawada decides
to face Tsubasa.
Takeshi!
[ann] But before anyone
could notice,
Izawa steals the ball.
Impossible!
-Good job, Izawa!
[ann] Shutetsu's Trio
is switching to offense.
Izawa's in the middle,
Taki on the right
and Kisugi on the left.
Toho's defense
is approaching.
-Put a stop to them!
-Yeah!
[gasp]
Izawa, pass it here.
Tsubasa...
Here!
[ann] Izawa makes
a back-heel pass
and the ball is now
at Tsubasa's feet.
[Tsubasa]
This time, I will score.
You can do it, Tsubasa.
Tsubasa...
This is...
my Drive Shot!
[ann] Tsubasa uses
the pass
to kick his world famous
Drive Shot.
It's mine.
Stop it!
[eagle screech]
[Ken] Here comes Tsubasa's
Drive Shot.
I'll face it with
everything I have.
[yelling]
[ann] The goalie
Wakashimazu
leaps to stop
the Drive Shot.
[gasp]
[ann]
But he's unable
- to reach it.
-[yelling]
[gasps]
[ann] The ball makes
impact with the goal post.
It's completely
flattened.
- The force of the impact
-[groan]
destroyed the ball.
[Tsubasa]
I have to be more reserved
with my Drive Shot.
[pant]
It's incredible.
Tsubasa's Drive Shot
is as strong as
Hyuga's Tiger Shot.
[growl]
It's just as fast as
the captain's shot.
Even the strength
is the same.
But...at the same time,
it's different.
The ball...
The ball launched
as if it were a projectile.
[groan]
-[ann] The tension in
-Oh...
the stadium is so high
that you could cut it
with a knife.
Hyuga's Tiger Shot
and Tsubasa's Drive Shot
are powerful and
skillfully impressive.
No! Toho is still
as strong as ever.
This isn't good. Nankatsu
is really persistent.
[ann] In the first five
minutes of the match,
neither team
was able to score.
It was a good attempt,
Captain.
Mhm.
Wakashimazu,
are you all right, man?
-Listen up.
-Huh?
I think that...
I know how to stop
Tsubasa's Drive Shot.
-Huh?
Are you for real, Ken?
Wakashimazu...
[Ken]
Captain...
Let me try it.
I want to stop
your Tiger Shot.
Maybe then I'll find out
how to stop Tsubasa's shot.
Please let me.
But my Tiger Shot
doesn't have any spin on it,
Wakashimazu.
It's still the same amount
of strength,
and the speed is
the same too.
Hmm...
Please, Captain.
All right then.
I'll do it.
[grunt]
[gasps]
It's...
so fast.
Okay, I'm ready, Captain.
Here it goes.
[grunt]
[yell]
[Ken] Thanks to my training
with the captain...
I could see it.
Next time Tsubasa
attempts his Drive Shot,
I promise you I'll stop it.
-So don't worry.
-Ah...
You guys go on the offense.
While I defend the goal.
-Yeah!
[Kojiro]
You were always so calm.
But now, I can see
the change.
Thanks to you,
the team remained together.
Not only were they together,
they also...
We'll take care of it,
Captain.
Don't worry.
We'll take care of it.
I'm going to face you!
All of our teammates...
have improved.
[ann] Team Toho prepares
for the goal kick.
What's this?
-[yelling]
-[ann] Hyuga leaves
his position and
goes to the midfield.
Hyuga!
The coach was right.
Leaving my team behind
was wrong,
but now that I'm here,
I'll score for myself
and for all of you guys.
I swear it.
Ken, pass it!
Yes, Captain.
It's yours!
[yell]
-[grunt]
-[ann] The ball goes
directly to Hyuga.
What is he planning on
doing now?
Captain Hyuga!
[grunts]
[grunt]
Quick, guys.
We have to cover him
before he can shoot
his Tiger Shot.
[laughs]
How naïve.
I'm sorry to say,
but you both
fell for my trap.
-[gasp]
-What?
Ishizaki, Nakazato,
go back to your positions.
We'll take care of
covering Hyuga.
Okay, Izawa.
[grunt]
Now!
[ann] Hyuga kicks
an untimely pass.
But who's it going to
receive it?
Oh! It's headed straight
towards Takeshi Sawada,
Toho's number 15,
- who patiently waited
-[grunt]
for Hyuga's pass.
Hyuga...
[ann] Hyuga and Sawada
changed positions.
[Ryo]
Everyone, go back, quickly.
[gasps]
Kojiro's playing
as the playmaker.
Of course.
He's taking advantage of
the fact that his shot
is going to make them
man mark him.
In that way, he can pass
the ball to the forwards,
getting rid of
the defense for them.
Okay, here it goes.
[ann]
Tsubasa comes back
- to cover Takeshi Sawada.
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[ann] It's as if he knew
about the change
Toho made beforehand.
That's it, Tsubasa!
Show him who's boss, man!
Tsubasa...
[grunt]
Here!
[ann] What a great
series of passes by Toho.
Sawada passes it
and Sorimachi receives it
with ease.
-Yeah, shoot it now,
-[laugh]
Sorimachi.
I will!
-[yell]
-[ann] Sorimachi shoots.
But the goalie Morisaki
deflects it with his fist.
-Good job, Morisaki!
[ann]
Nankatsu
- clears the ball.
-[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga and Izawa
are going for the ball.
But Hyuga gets ahead.
What?
Captain!
It was a trap!
I have it.
-[ann] Hyuga has the ball,
-[panting]
and is advancing
towards the goal.
-Captain!
[ann]
Sawada and Sorimachi
wait for
their captain's signal.
Who will he
pass the ball to?
[Kojiro]
Perfect.
There it is.
Take this.
-[tiger growl]
-The Tiger Shot!
-[yell]
-[tiger growl]
[ann]
The ball hits the net.
Nankatsu's defense
- couldn't even react.
-[gasps]
That's right.
[ann] Hyuga connected
the shot
from a very tight angle,
making his second
Tiger Shot effective!
Now Toho is leading
the scoreboard.
Nankatsu - nothing,
Toho - 1.
[narr]
And we're back.
[cheering]
[ann] With this thrilling
series of events,
Toho Academy scores
the first goal
of the finals.
That was Hyuga's first
goal of the tournament.
-Hyuga! Yeah!
-Great, we're winning this!
-Yeah, you did it!
-Hyuga!
Did you see, Mom?
-My big bro got to score!
-Mhm.
Good job, son.
-Well done, team!
-Great shot, Captain!
-Yeah!
-Come on!
-He did it!
-All right!
What a great shot, Captain.
He was able to score
at such a tight angle.
Wow!
Hyuga's Tiger Shot
is a straight shot,
but at the same time,
very effective.
[laughs]
[Mr. Kira] It looks like
the Tiger Shot
has sharpened
my kid's fangs.
[laughs]
I'm very proud of you,
Kojiro.
We got this.
[Kitazume] He's coordinating
with his team,
as if he had played with
them every single match.
Listen up.
I don't want you guys
getting cocky.
Let's go for
the second goal.
-Yes, Captain!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[Kitazume] It doesn't matter
how independent
everyone else is.
When Hyuga's present,
the team has a new purpose.
[groan]
Sorry, guys,
I couldn't even move.
Sorry.
It was my fault.
I couldn't man mark him.
His Tiger Shot is
impressive, all right.
-Huh?
Tsubasa...
Listen up, guys,
we have to prevent him
from using it again.
We have to keep Hyuga
man marked.
It doesn't matter
if he's in the midfield,
or if he's in
the danger zone.
If you see him open,
don't let him breathe.
-Mhm.
Everyone, it's time
to play seriously.
-Yeah!
[Tsubasa]
Get ready, Hyuga.
Now I will tie the score...
with the help of
my Drive Shot!
[whistle]
[ann] Team Nankatsu
resumes the match.
Let's go, guys.
Let's cheer up our team.
I want to hear you scream!
Yeah, we have to cheer
for them!
You can still come back!
Come on, Nankatsu.
Despite not being
from our team,
the guys from Otomo
have cheered us on
the whole time.
Thank you.
We won't disappoint you.
We aren't going to
fail you, guys.
Pass it, Captain!
-Ishizaki!
-[grunt]
Ishizaki, show them
what you're made of.
-[ann] Ishizaki advances
-[grunt]
into enemy territory.
Here I come.
Don't let him in.
Too bad.
Here it goes.
[ann] Ishizaki brings in
the defense
and passes the ball.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann] But Hyuga
intercepts the pass.
That's impossible!
Here I am, Hyuga.
If that's what you want,
attack me.
[ann] It looks...
It looks like
- this will be a duel
-[Kojiro] [grunt]
between the captains
- from both teams.
-[grunt]
-Tsubasa!
Captain!
Tsubasa, your leg.
Be careful!
[gasp]
-[ann] But Tsubasa
-[grunt]
avoids the duel,
ignoring Hyuga.
What?!
Good. It looks like
this young man
is finally being cautious.
You're a coward.
You ran away from a duel
between men.
And you call yourself
Nankatsu's captain?
You're a coward.
What did you say?
Tsubasa!
[grunt] What're you
waiting for?
-Run!
-Yeah.
Right behind you.
It's yours.
It doesn't matter
what they say...
[gasp]
I can't worsen my injury
just because I want to have
a duel against Hyuga.
[grunt]
[gasp]
What's important to me
and my team
is to win the championship.
[ann] Tsubasa goes
at full speed
towards Toho's goal.
[Kojiro]
It looks like my team
isn't the only one
that's changed.
Now Tsubasa thinks about
the match
in a more strategic way.
That's why he avoided
the confrontation.
His desire to win,
trumps everything else.
Or am I just not worth it?
[growl]
[ann] Tsubasa winds up
to shoot.
Everyone,
stop Tsubasa's shot!
I won't let you shoot!
Tsubasa, be careful!
-[gasp] [grunt]
-[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa evades
Sawada's sliding tackle
with a jump, and once again
winds up to shoot.
Quickly, we have to
get in his way.
Don't let him shoot!
Out the way!
You can't stop
my Drive Shot!
Fly high, my friend!
[gasps]
Huh? Was he even aiming
at the goal?
Why did he choose
to shoot that way?
The Tiger Shot...
can take advantage
of any spacing.
On the other hand,
Tsubasa's Drive Shot
can fly over any wall.
This time, I'll stop it.
[growl]
[ann] The goalkeeper
Wakashimazu
runs across the goal.
Looks like he'll attempt
to stop the shot.
What's he up to?
[Ken] Normally,
to stop the ball,
the goalie closes the gap
to reduce the shot's
angle range.
But against the Drive Shot,
it's actually
counterproductive.
If I want to stop it,
I have to move through
the goal line
and jump at the same speed
as the ball.
I have to do it the moment
it dives down.
This time, I'll catch it.
[yelling]
[ann]
And the goalie
- grabs it!
-[gasps]
Toho's goalkeeper
managed to stop the ball
with a single hand.
The Drive Shot
is no longer infallible.
Excellent, Ken.
Great job, Ken!
[yelling]
-[ann] Hold on,
-[scream]
- what's going on?
-[grunt]
[groan]
-[gasps]
-Ken!
[ann] Incredible!
Spectacular!
the force from
Tsubasa's Drive Shot
pushes the goalkeeper
Wakashimazu inside.
It's a goal.
Nankatsu manages
to tie the scoreboard
- at the 10 minute mark.
-[cheering]
There it is,
the Drive Shot.
Yeah!
You did it, Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa, good job.
-[chuckle]
I knew that
your Drive Shot
-wouldn't let us down.
-[chuckle]
The Drive Shot
doesn't require Tsubasa
to be totally open.
He can shoot it
from wherever.
The ball went in,
even with the goalkeeper.
What a powerful shot.
Tsubasa managed to find
an opening
and tied the match
just like everyone expected.
Okay, we can't just
stay like this, everyone.
Let's go after another goal.
-Yeah!
Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Even so, he was close.
[Ken]
Dammit.
I even had it
in my hands.
[Kojiro]
Calm down, Ken.
Huh?
Captain!
You should be proud
of yourself.
You're the only one
that's been able to react
to his Drive Shot's speed.
I know that next time,
you'll surely stop it.
Oh!
Thank you, captain.
[Ken]
Tsubasa Ozora..
I swear that your next shot
won't go in.
[groan]
[wince]
This can't be.
[Kojiro] Wakashimazu
was able to react to
Tsubasa's Drive Shot...
but until now,
no one's been able to
react to my Tiger Shot.
As soon as the ball
gets to me,
I'll score without mercy.
[ann] Once again,
the scoreboard is tied.
[whistle]
Quickly,
let's man mark Hyuga.
[pants]
[grunt]
-No, you won't!
-What?!
[ann] Nankatsu steals
the ball
and is headed towards
Toho's goal.
Tsubasa!
It's mine.
[ann] Tsubasa winds up
to shoot his Drive Shot
for the third time.
-[growling]
-This time, you won't score,
Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[ann] Right in front of
Toho's defense,
Tsubasa decides to pass
the ball.
He'd rather not risk it.
-Taki!
-[grunt]
It's yours, Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[ann]
Hajime Taki kicks
- a cross pass.
-Got it.
[growl]
[grunt]
[yelling]
[ann] Tsubasa and
the goalie Wakashimazu
fight for the ball
in midair.
[groans]
[grunts]
-Tsubasa!
-Wakashimazu!
Be careful, Tsubasa!
[gasp]
[grunts]
I'll clear the ball
to help out Wakashimazu.
[Teppei] I don't plan on
wasting all of the effort
Tsubasa put in.
-[gasp]
-[ann] Kisugi gets the ball
and shoots!
[yell]
[ann] But Sawada
deflects the ball
from the danger zone
and Toho miraculously
saves themselves.
-Tsubasa!
Wakashimazu!
[pant] Are you okay,
Tsubasa?
Tsubasa, why'd you jump
like that?
Your pass was way too high,
Taki.
What?
You know how Tsubasa is.
It doesn't matter how high
or low the pass gets to him,
he'll always look for
the shot.
[gasps]
[groan]
Don't you guys worry.
The match is just
getting started.
Yeah, that's what
we want to hear.
[ann]
Despite his injury,
Nankatsu's captain
plans on leaving
- everything on the pitch.
-[gasps]
Let's just hope
- his passion for the game
-[gasps]
doesn't have
major consequences.
Are you injured, Ken?
No, captain,
I'm doing fine.
It was a small bump.
That's it.
[wince]
No...
Wakashimazu...
[Mr. Kira]
You got that injury long ago
in elementary school
when you saved a puppy
from being run over.
And that's why
you weren't able to play
in the semifinals of
the national tournament
that year.
Looks like that injury
has manifested itself
once again.
[ann] It's a corner kick
for Nankatsu.
We're counting on you, Taki.
Everyone ready?
-[grunt]
-Good corner kick, Taki.
No, it's mine.
[yell]
-[grunt]
-[ann] The goalkeeper
deflects the ball
with his fist.
Something is wrong.
He should've caught
that shot without a problem.
It's his injury.
I suspected it.
[ann] The ball falls
at Tsubasa's feet.
[gasp]
[ann] Tsubasa prepares
to shoot his Drive Shot,
- despite his injury.
-[yelling]
[grunt]
[gasps]
[ann]
There it is,
but the ball goes
above the crossbar.
Tsubasa wasn't able to shoot
- his Drive Shot comfortably.
-[gasps]
Looks like this is
a side effect of his injury.
[ann] Tsubasa can't shoot
effectively anymore.
[gasp]
Tsubasa...
That was way too close.
[ann] With 15 minutes
on the clock,
Nankatsu's left without
their most powerful weapon.
Tsubasa's Drive Shot...
has been totally
neutralized.
[Tsubasa]
What am I gonna do?